crazy
Brother, I'm not my father
Big Brother Letter
Storage wind, that's what you told me.
Do you want to give me a satisfactory explanation?
I have fantasized countless times
I'm going to arrest you myself
I want to find you from the county list
I want to know what you have done in the past three years
All available
But you're still so stubborn
To actually eliminate this heinous criminal for the ancient city
block gun
Storage Wind, you have disappointed me so much.
Haha Lord Long
Crazy is your fiancé
Yeah, he did.
So selfless
As a sword guard in Southern Province, I am handsome
It is my duty to punish evil and promote good
No matter who you are facing
I have no regrets
Take away
Danger
Brother, get in the car
Let's go
Stop all actions
No spooking
Protecting the site is